Update container-step.md regarding delegate selectors (#1717)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/executions/cd-general-steps/container-step.md

</Tabs>
```

> ### Delegate Selector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Delegate selector
```

> Infrastructure delegate selector will be considered for step execution by default unless overridden by step, stage or pipeline level delegate selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the infrastructure delegate selector is considered for step execution unless overridden by a step, stage, or pipeline level delegate selector.
```

> By default, the infrastructure delegate selector is considered for step execution unless overridden by a step, stage, or pipeline level delegate selector.

Reviewer 2: can we say infrastructure connector delegate selector ?

> By default, the infrastructure connector delegate selector is considered for step execution unless overridden by a step, stage or pipeline level delegate selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the infrastructure connector [delegate selector](/docs/platform/delegates/manage-delegates/select-delegates-with-selectors/) is considered for step execution unless overridden by a step, stage or pipeline level delegate selector.
```

> By default, the infrastructure connector [delegate selector](/docs/platform/delegates/manage-delegates/select-delegates-with-selectors/) is considered for step execution unless overridden by a step, stage or pipeline level delegate selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the [infrastructure connector delegate selector](/docs/platform/delegates/manage-delegates/select-delegates-with-selectors/) is considered for step execution unless overridden by a step, stage or pipeline level delegate selector.
```
